= scrapie

Hey, it's Scrapie! It's 2011, we should be able to scrape sites for their juicy data in a delicious fashion instead of having to hack something together every time.

It's basically a tool that allows you to really simply and quickly fab up a class that translates CSS selectors into attributes, and lets you specify your own translations on query params.

== Example

  class Airplane < Scrapie
    url 'http://registry.faa.gov/aircraftinquiry/NNum_Results.aspx'
    params({
      :n_number => 'NNumbertxt'
    })
    attributes({
      'serial_number' => 'div#serial_number',
      'classname' => '.class_name'
    })
    before_fetch do |agent|
      # Do stuff with my agent, like log in or hax the gibson
    end
    after_fetch do |agent|
      # Do more neatu stuff with my agent
    end
  
  
    # Other posisbilities
    method :get
    agent_options { :options_to_send_to_my_new_mechanize_agent => 'BE COOL MAN' }
  end

  a = Airplane.find(:n_number => '12345') # => Fetches http://registry.faa.gov/aircraftinquiry/NNum_Results.aspx?NNumbertxt=12345
  a.serial_number = 'a cool serial number'

== Todo

* Set up the callbacks
* Programmatically specify a valid record vs. invalid.
* Sanitize
* Refactor

== Contributing to scrapie
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Adrian Pike. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

